readme.md, before:

[try it out here](http://nbpt.eu/games/cross_roads/)


Description
===========

- You have to cross the road to the other side.
- There are cars moving in the road, at different speeds.
- You can't collide with them.
- If a collision occurs, the player is moved back to the starting point, and a life is taken away.
- Once there's no more lives, the game ends.
- If the player crosses the road, that level is successfully completed.
- Try to finish all the levels in the shortest time.


Controls
========

Use the arrow keys (or wasd keys) to control the player movement.


Images
======

- [cars](http://opengameart.org/content/basic-2d-car-collection) (license: public domain)
- [player](http://opengameart.org/content/30-sprites-made-in-30-minutes) (license: public domain)


Music
=====

- [happy tune](http://opengameart.org/content/happy-tune) (license: creative commons attribution)


Libraries
=========

- createjs
    - preloadjs -- 0.6
    - easeljs -- 0.8
    - tweenjs -- 0.6
    - soundjs -- 0.6
- utilities -- 1.8

Commit message:

Add an npm script to run the typescript compiler and the local server.

readme.md, after:

[try it out here](http://nbpt.eu/games/cross_roads/)


Description
===========

- You have to cross the road to the other side.
- There are cars moving in the road, at different speeds.
- You can't collide with them.
- If a collision occurs, the player is moved back to the starting point, and a life is taken away.
- Once there's no more lives, the game ends.
- If the player crosses the road, that level is successfully completed.
- Try to finish all the levels in the shortest time.


Controls
========

Use the arrow keys (or wasd keys) to control the player movement.


Images
======

- [cars](http://opengameart.org/content/basic-2d-car-collection) (license: public domain)
- [player](http://opengameart.org/content/30-sprites-made-in-30-minutes) (license: public domain)


Music
=====

- [happy tune](http://opengameart.org/content/happy-tune) (license: creative commons attribution)


# Commands #

- `npm run dev`: Build the game and start a local server (at `localhost:8000/`).
